README.md, before:

MILK
====
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/504997628.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/504997628)



MAUD Interface Language Kit (MILK) is a set of Rietveld tools for automated processing of diffraction datasets. It's main features are:

* programable, custom, reproducible refinements
* database configuration of refinements
* distributed computing
* refinement summary 
* output formated for cinema_debye_scherrer 

More details and tutorials can be found in the [wiki](https://github.com/lanl/MILK/wiki).

Installation and requirements
=============================

The wiki is currently disabled pending LANL release. Should be back available soon.

See the [MILK installation wiki](https://github.com/lanl/MILK/wiki/Installation-Overview).

Contributing
============

Since MILK is open source we are happy about any kind of contribution. In
order suggest bug fixes, new features or improved documentation to MILK
proceed as follows:

1. fork the MILK repository to your personal GitHub account
2. clone it on your local computer
3. apply your changes
4. push your changes to your personal GitHub account
5. create a pull request to MILK/development

License
=======

C21035 MAUD Interface Tool Kit (MILK) has been acknowledged by NNSA for open source release.

© 2022. Triad National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
This program was produced under U.S. Government contract 89233218CNA000001 for Los Alamos
National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Triad National Security, LLC for the U.S.
Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security Administration. All rights in the program are
reserved by Triad National Security, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear
Security Administration. The Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a
nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide license in this material to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit
others to do so.

Commit message:

Adds docker info to README

README.md, after:

MILK
====
![](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/lanl/MILK)&nbsp;
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/504997628.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/504997628)



MAUD Interface Language Kit (MILK) is a set of Rietveld tools for automated processing of diffraction datasets. It's main features are:

* programable, custom, reproducible refinements
* database configuration of refinements
* distributed computing
* refinement summary 
* output formated for cinema_debye_scherrer 

More details and tutorials can be found in the [wiki](https://github.com/lanl/MILK/wiki).

Installation and requirements
=============================

The wiki is currently disabled pending LANL release. Should be back available soon.

See the [MILK installation wiki](https://github.com/lanl/MILK/wiki/Installation-Overview).

Using Docker
============

To build a MILK docker image, use the Dockerfile:
```
docker built -t milk .
```

On Linux, to run commands and mount in a directory for MILK to write output to, use:
```
docker run -u $(id -u):$(id -g)  -v ${PWD}/output:/output -w /output milk-image milk-examples -e 1
```

NOTE: This passes in the user and group ID so files written back out match the user on the host.

Contributing
============

Since MILK is open source we are happy about any kind of contribution. In
order suggest bug fixes, new features or improved documentation to MILK
proceed as follows:

1. fork the MILK repository to your personal GitHub account
2. clone it on your local computer
3. apply your changes
4. push your changes to your personal GitHub account
5. create a pull request to MILK/development

License
=======

C21035 MAUD Interface Tool Kit (MILK) has been acknowledged by NNSA for open source release.

© 2022. Triad National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
This program was produced under U.S. Government contract 89233218CNA000001 for Los Alamos
National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Triad National Security, LLC for the U.S.
Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security Administration. All rights in the program are
reserved by Triad National Security, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear
Security Administration. The Government is granted for itself and others acting on its behalf a
nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide license in this material to reproduce, prepare
derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit
others to do so.
